Change default profile to the reduced profile. Update profiler documentation (#2392)
microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java: agent/agent-profiler/docs/README.md

# Application Insights Java Profiler

The Application Insights Java Profiler provides a system for:

1. Generating profiles of the current JVM

> 2. Monitoring local resource usage and generating an alertBreach if certain conditions are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Monitoring local resource usage and generating a profile if certain conditions are
```

   met (such as CPU or memory breaching a configured threshold)

# Overview

The Application Insights Java profiler uses the JFR profiler provided by the JVM to record profiling

> data. So that users may download the JFR recordings at a later time and analyse them to identify

Reviewer: 😄

```suggestion
data. So that users may download the JFR recordings at a later time and analyze them to identify
```

Profiles can be generated/edited in the JDK Mission Control (JMC) user
interface under the `Window->Flight Recording Template Manager` menu and control over individual
flags is found inside `Edit->Advanced` of this user interface.

# USAGE

## Installation

1. Inside the `applicationinsights.json` configuration of your process enable the profiler by
   setting the `preview.profiler.enabled` setting:
   ```json
      {
         "connectionString" : "...",
         "preview" : {
            "profiler" : {
               "enabled" : true
            }
         }
      }
   ```
   Alternatively, set the `APPLICATIONINSIGHTS_PROFILER_ENABLED` environment variable to true.
2. Execute your process with the updated configuration.
3. Configure the resource thresholds that will cause a profile to be collected:
    1. Browse to the Performance -> Profiler section of the associated Application Insights instance.
    2. Select "Triggers"
    3. Configure the required CPU and Memory thresholds. And Apply.
    4. Note, currently the Java profiler does not
   support the "Sampling" trigger, configuring this will have no effect.

> Once this has been completed, the agent will monitor the resource usage of your processes and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this has been completed, the agent will monitor the resource usage of your process and
```

trigger a profile when required. Once a profile has been triggered and completed, it will be
viewable from the
Application Insights instance within the Performance -> Profiler section. From that screen the

> profile can be downloaded, once download the JFR recording file can be opened and analysed within a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
profile can be downloaded, once download the JFR recording file can be opened and analyzed within a
```

> tool of the users choosing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tool of your choosing.
```

## Configuration

Configuration of the profiler triggering settings, such as thresholds and profiling periods can be
performed within the ApplicationInsights UI under the Performance, Profiler, Triggers UI as
described in [Installation](#Installation).

> Additionally, a number of parameters can be configured within environment variables and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, a number of parameters can be configured using environment variables and the
```

`applicationinsights.json` configuration file.

### Environment variables

- APPLICATIONINSIGHTS_PROFILER_ENABLED: boolean (default false)

>   - Enables/Disables the profiling feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Enables/disables the profiling feature.
```

### Configuration file

```json
{
  "preview": {
    "profiler": {
      "enabled": true,
      "configPollPeriodSeconds": 50,
      "cpuTriggeredSettings": "profile_without_env_data",

>       "memoryTriggeredSettings": "profile_without_env_data"

Reviewer: I noticed this is uppercase in other places, tho lowercase (with dashes) is more consistent with other property "enum" values in the config would be nice to change for consistency, e.g. https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/blob/020a55539cae09c09736a62ac671345c8b962102/agent/agent-tooling/src/main/java/com/microsoft/applicationinsights/agent/internal/configuration/Configuration.java#L393-L400)

    }
  }
}

```

`configPollPeriodSeconds` - The profiler periodically polls for configuration changes made within

> the UI. This can control the frequency of that poll.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should make this setting public, maybe just as a `debug` setting?
